fix: Connecting to Datasource - Rehaul (#691)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/reference/datasources/README.md

        <div class="containerCol">
            <a href="/reference/datasources/querying-snowflake-db">
            <img class="containerImage" src="/img/snowflake.svg" alt="Docker-logo"/>
            </a> 
        </div> 
        <b><a href="/reference/datasources/querying-snowflake-db">Snowflake</a></b>
    </div>
   <div class="columnGrid column-two" align="center">
        <div class="containerCol">
            <a href="/reference/datasources/querying-arango-db">
            <img class="containerImage" src="/img/arangodb_.png" alt="Kubernetes-logo"/>
            </a>     
        </div> 
         <b><a href="/reference/datasources/querying-arango-db">ArangoDB</a></b>
    </div>
 

</div>

<div class="containerGrid">

   <div class="columnGrid column-three" align="center">
        <div class="containerCol">
            <a href="/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/authentication/connect-to-apis">
            <img class="containerImage" src="/img/smtp-icon_1.png" alt="AWS-AMI-logo"/>
            </a>   
        </div> 
            <b><a href="/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/authentication/connect-to-apis">SMTP</a></b>
</div>
</div>

> Learn More about [Databases](/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/connecting-to-databases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Connecting to Databases](/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/connecting-to-databases)
```

    <div class="columnGrid column-one" align="center">
        <div class="containerCol">
            <a href="/reference/datasources/airtable">
            <img class="containerImage" src="/img/Airtable-logo.png" alt="Airtable"/>
            </a> 
        </div> 
        <b><a href="/reference/datasources/airtable">Airtable</a></b>
    </div>
   <div class="columnGrid column-two" align="center">
        <div class="containerCol">
            <a href="/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/authentication/connect-to-apis">
            <img class="containerImage" src="/img/twilio_.png" alt="twilio-logo"/>
            </a>     
        </div> 
         <b><a href="/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/authentication/connect-to-apis">Twilio</a></b>
    </div>
   <div class="columnGrid column-three" align="center">
        <div class="containerCol">
            <a href="/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/authentication/connect-to-apis">
            <img class="containerImage" src="/img/hubspot_.png" alt="hubspot-logo"/>
            </a>   
        </div> 
            <b><a href="/reference/datasources/querying-mongodb/">HubSpot</a></b>
   </div>

</div>

   
   

> Learn More about [APIs](/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/authentication/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [How to connect to an API](/core-concepts/connecting-to-data-sources/authentication#connecting-to-a-rest-api)?
```
